Skip to content
Free University of Bozen-Bolzano
University
Faculties
Study Programmes
Services
Toggle the language menu. Current language: ENEN

Free University of Bozen-Bolzano
The Free University of Bozen-Bolzano is located in one of the most fascinating European regions, at the crossroads between the German-speaking and Italian economies and cultures. Its trilingualism in teaching and research, its high level of internationalisation as well as an ideal study environment guaranteed by its excellent facilities are some of the reasons why unibz regularly reaches top positions in national and international rankings.

Coming up

Master Evening | 17 March 2022
Discover our Master Programmes!
Online Event 

MORE INFO

Bachelor Day | 18 March 2022
The Online Open Day for high school students

MORE HERE

unibz condemns the invasion of Ukraine
As an academic community that thrives on diversity and welcomes an international faculty and student body, we share a deep concern for the Ukrainian population.

READ MORE
News
Vortrag: „Nach dem Großen Krieg: Staaten, Nationen und Minderheiten seit 1918 im europäischen Vergleich“ 
8 MAR 2022 PRESS RELEASES

Vortrag: „Nach dem Großen Krieg: Staaten, Nationen und Minderheiten seit 1918 im europäisc…
Die bewegte Geschichte der Südtirol-Autonomie steht im Mittelpunkt der Vortragsreihe „Modellfall Südtirol. Regionalautonomien im europäischen Vergleich“, die das Kompetenzzentrum für Regiona…

Zum Tag der Frau: Universitätsabschluss kein Garant für Gleichstellung  
7 MAR 2022 PRESS RELEASES

Zum Tag der Frau: Universitätsabschluss kein Garant für Gleichstellung
„Break the bias“ – stoppt die Voreingenommenheit“ lautet das Motto der Vereinten Nationen zum diesjährigen Internationalen Tag der Frau am 8. März. Ein Blick auf den aktuellen Bericht des un…

“I media del futuro li ho immaginati così”
4 MAR 2022 UNIBZ NEWS

“I media del futuro li ho immaginati così”
Michele Di Modugno, laureato della Facoltà di Design e Arti, vive e lavora come grafico e artista a Vienna. Assieme alla nonna, anch’essa artista, ha vinto il primo premio del concorso indet…

TO THE NEWSROOM
Studying at unibz
The official languages at unibz are Italian, German and English. South Tyrol is famous for regularly topping the rankings for the quality of life and for its cultural offer and top leisure facilities. This makes unibz an ideal environment to study and do research.

BACHELORS AND MASTERS PHDS FURTHER COURSES
Faculties
We are a niche university. Our programmes and our research are the result of a tight link with our territory. At the same time, our university also has a strong international outlook.

Computer Science
Design and Art
Economics and Management
Education
Science and Technology
Research
Interdisciplinarity and sustainability, together with a local and international focus characterise the scientific research carried out in our five faculties and in the competence centres of unibz. Research is funded both internally and, more recently, also through national and European funding programmes and other sources.

MORE INFO


Library
Our library branches at the three campuses hold more than 290,000 printed books and more than 450,000 e-books. Thanks to their modern facilities and user-oriented policy they count more than half a million visits every year.

GO TO THE LIBRARY PAGE

Responsibility towards our Territory and Citizens
Besides teaching and research, another fundamental objective of unibz - the so called third mission - is to contribute to the economic, social and cultural development of our territory through collaborations with public institutions and private organisations.

This is made possible by the transfer of technical skills and knowledge, by collaborations with private companies, by a wide range of courses in the field of lifelong learning (JuniorUni, Studium Generale and Senior Student Card) and by partnerships with cultural institutions and events.

MORE INFO

Events
09 NOV 2021 13 MAY 2022

Mensch und Tier – ein ambivalentes Verhältnis
Mit dieser Ringvorlesung möchten Prof. Matthias Gauly und Prof. Martin M. Lintner erneut die Möglichkeit bieten aktuelle Fragen rund um das Thema "Tierwohl" zu beleuchten und zu diskutieren.
25 JAN 2022 17 MAY 2022

CYBO webinars
When PhD students and post-docs meet, that's when CYBO takes shape!
ALL EVENTS
Free University of Bozen-Bolzano
Free University of Bozen-Bolzano

Universitätsplatz 1 - piazza Università, 1

Free University of Bozen-Bolzano

Universitätsplatz 1 - piazza Università, 1
Italy - 39100, Bozen-Bolzano
Tel +39 0471 011000
Fax +39 0471 011009
info@unibz.it
administration@unibz.it
administration@pec.unibz.it
Regensburger Allee 16 - viale Ratisbona, 16

Free University of Bozen-Bolzano

Regensburger Allee 16 - viale Ratisbona, 16
Italy - 39042, Brixen-Bressanone
Tel +39 0472 014000
Fax +39 0472 014009
info@unibz.it
education@unibz.it
administration@pec.unibz.it
Universitätsplatz 1 - Piazzetta dell'Università, 1

Free University of Bozen-Bolzano

Universitätsplatz 1 - Piazzetta dell'Università, 1
Italy - 39031, Bruneck-Brunico
Tel +39 0474 013600
Fax +39 0474 013609
info@unibz.it
tourism@unibz.it
administration@pec.unibz.it
Facebook 
Instagram 
Twitter 
Linkedin 
Youtube 
TikTok 
Spotify 
Whatsapp
SIGN UP for the unibz newsletter

Privacy Cookie Policy Imprint Position Calls Amministrazione trasparente Diploma supplement OLE (Open Learning Environment) Erasmus Charter (ECHE) Albo online Change password Dichiarazione Accessibilità AGID Sitemap Wireless Fatturazione Elettronica Study without barriers


© 2022 Free University of Bozen-Bolzano • Italian Tax Number: 94060760215

 Feedback / Request info